## 2022-03-11

Has it really been over a year since the last mod release? How time flies.

The website has received a massive update. Here's what's new.

## News & Updates

Changes to the site, as well as new releases, will be catalogued here. DCP & DECP releases have never been dated, so this helps fix that.


## Stars Calculator

The formula for working out your level completion stars has always been a mystery, but that's no longer the case.

You can now enter your time and shooting scores, and it'll tell you how far off you are from 5 stars. There's also a bunch of tips and stuff to help you get that perfect score.

Try it out [here](/stars-calculator).


## Reworked Resources

You might have noticed all these shiny new buttons. The old "Resources" section has been split up, making it much easier to find what interests you the most.

The [Images](/images) section has lots of new sprites from Hopoo, the original developer, including comments that offer insights into cut mechanics and re-purposed code.


## Dev Blog Explorer

Did you know that Hopoo have an [old Tumblr](https://hopoo.tumblr.com/), and within that Tumblr there are fascinating nuggets of information on the lore and developemnt of Deadbolt? Even for those who are aware, finding information in that blog has always been tricky.

This new tool aims to fix that. By searching for your chosen term, you can narrow down the content to whatever interests you most.

See what you can discover [here](/devblog-explorer).


## Modding Info

There's a new section in [Links](/links#links-modding) for info related to modding Deadbolt. This site might add further info on modding, but for now, you can [join the modding discord](https://discord.gg/8dqM6xDmrC).


## Discord Links

In the top right you'll find links to the [Deadbolt Discord](https://discord.gg/nw3Ad2c), as well as the [Modding Discord](https://discord.gg/8dqM6xDmrC).

If you haven't joined already, why not start today? We have a great community.

There's also a quick link to the bug report channel on the modding discord. If you do find a bug, please report it, it really helps.


## Modding Updates

Things are in the works for new updates, but they're a while off yet.

In the mean time, have you tried one of the [preview builds](https://discord.gg/M6ZUNWjK5E) from Discord? There's some crazy stuff in there, from logic to create your own clickable GUI, to a ton of amazing new objects by ShadowMoon. There's even a powerful new weapon, courtesy of The Great Zambino.

---

_That's all for today! Happy hunting xx cb_
